What is up guys and walk not so industry we're going to be moving on with our home page.
So before moving on with their homepage right here we basically need to focus on this head right here.
We need to create a menu right here so that we can add a menu of pages that we want to add so it should
there should be a home page and then the services page or the portfolio page or something like that.
And also a Contact Us page.
So I want to add these pages right here.
And for that I need to work on my home page.
OK so these are the menu stuff that this is important.
This is the bag Krown which is important and I want to change the color if there is I want to change
the color of this and I basically want to customize these and these settings.
So we'll be doing this in this video.
So let's get started.
First of all what I have to do I have to just go to customize and after just hitting this it's going
to take me to the Customize page where I can manage everything.
OK.
So we're going to be reviewing our customized section right here.
We're going to be picking up with a tray here you can see how the Customize works you guys already know
about it.
OK.
So here we go.
And here should be the site and here it go you can see that everything is right here.
So the number one that we have is the site identity.
OK.
Inside identity I can change this.
I can change the site title I can change the tag line.
So the tag line I'm going to be moving up with the word press developer.
And oh ex-parte.
OK.
So I can write to here.
Trust developer or floor stack
FEBE developer full sakte web developer and CEO expert
so you can manage with this OK if you want to but I'll be just going up with a WordPress developer an
issue expert.
OK.
Press developer NSU expert.
I'm going to go ahead I'm going to hit publish and there we go.
You can see that my site you are l should be changed.
I'm going to go back and now here in the menu section I basically want to create a new menu and then
I sign it right here.
So we're not going to go here directly but what I'm going to do.
I'm just going to tell you another matter.
OK.
And that is to just go to iTunes dot com.
And then we have to go to the dashboard of our website OK and then we have to go to the menu section.
Don't use the customized menu.
Just always try to use this type of thing because here it would give you some more customization.
OK.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to create a new menu and this menu is going to be menu one.
So this menu name is not going to appear here.
So you can name it anything you want.
You can also name it as your girlfriend name.
So it totally depends upon you.
OK what you're having Do you have it create menu.
And there I am in this.
We have to now basically add new sections right here.
So first of all I want to just go to the custom links.
So here I can add pages I can add boast I can add custom links taken out categories that can add menu
icon settings.
So basically let's go ahead let's create some basis so that we can add them right here.
So I need a page and that should be home page about page contactors privacy policy and something like
that.
So I need a home page first.
OK.
I'm going to go ahead I'm going to hit publish
for the second page I want to add is services
services
OK and for the third page
I want to publish it.
Let's go to adenine again and get to bed should be contact me.
So this is my profile of let's say just basically the first let's say the word creating is about me
is about my profile.
That is why I am creating this contact me.
I'm not etting to contact us.
There is a difference between contact me and contact us so you should also create a page that should
be about me not about us.
So if you have created now I haven't created so I have home services.
Contact me and
terms and conditions not terms.
People see now OK we'll treat it when we want anyone.
So about me section can be added about me.
OK I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to hit publish.
Or you can just name it as about let's just skim here let's him here let's remove it OK and let's get
to go ahead and hit publish.
There we go.
We're done with our pages.
Now I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to hit.
I'm going to come here and I'm going to refresh this page basically so that all the pages are loaded.
Here you go.
You can see that the pages are coming.
So I'm going to I need this home page I need services and I also need me.
OK.
I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit add too many.
Here you go.
I want to bring this to all pray here in this services should be right here and this navigation label
should be contact instead of contact me.
OK.
And I'm going to go ahead and I'm going to hit safe.
And I basically need to display this on to the main area.
OK.
So it should be the main This is called Basically the main area.
This is the top area.
This is the footer and this is the mobile So if you want to show a different menu for mobile I'll show
you later on and we will be doing the mobile optimization so I'm going to go ahead.
I'm going to hit save and come here and let's view our Web site.
So here we go.
You can see that this is how it is working.
We have our home page we have our services and then we have our IT Contact Us page.
We are totally done with our morning section.
We can create some different meaning we can show them right here above.
So if we want to add a new menu I can just come here.
I can hit creating new menu.
I can name it as the top menu.
OK I'm going to go ahead I'm going to hit enter and then here I can add some other things like if I
want to add
the terms and conditions page or something like that.
So what I'm going to do I'm just going to go ahead I'm going to hit this and here I'm going to just
say hash tag and I'm going to link it as links should be Terms and Conditions.
So basically hash tag is used if you don't want to add any page right now but you will add it later.
So that is why we use the hash tag.
And then we need to try to see
post-CPP.
OK.
I'm going to go and I'm going to hit enter.
And so this is how you can create it.
I'm going to assign this to be as the home tool bar and I'm going to hate manual.
So now if I just come here and I refresh this area I see this is the terms and conditions.
And this is the privacy policy that is coming here.
You can add about section rate here about terms and conditions or if you want to add log in register
if you are creating like multa or just to say I show you that how can your clients register on your
website and the general if you want that section to be able to you can and something like that.
OK.
So this is outrage to top many words to this main menu and in the last menu we have is the footers.
If I just signed this to be and saying this to as the footer as well.
And I just come here and I refresh this you're going to see how this is going to look.
You can see that these terms and conditions.
Privacy Policy.
So I think this looks great on here right here.
This is basically is looking amazing.
So I can remove it from the top bar because I don't think so if I need it on the top bar for the tool
bar you can create a new menu OK.
I'm going to change this to be asked for a manual because this is now assigned to me.
OK here we go.
Now we are totally done with the remaining speak.
Now no know how many works how we how we can create a limited menus how we can make everything.
So you guys already know about child identity and you is also now knew about demonios.
So in the next video we'll be moving on with more stuff but more detailed stuff so Stadion guys.
And by.